README.md, before:

# Party Planning

#### A Party Planning Program for Epicodus Java Week 1 Independent Project, 08.04.2017

####  By Shyamal Punekar

##Description

  This is a command line application for an all-inclusive party planning service. This will prompt the user with several questions about a party they're throwing. Based on information they provide, create a unique Event object. Then, evaluate its properties to calculate an estimated cost for party planning services.

## Specifications

  * It can calculate the estimated cost for a party.
   - Example Input: 10 guests, full course, full bar, live band
     Example Output: $3500

  * It can calculate the estimated cost for a party with User Input NO.
  - Example Input: 20 guests, snacks, water, none.
    Example Output: $800

## Setup/Installation Requirements

  You will need gradle installed on your device.

## Enter the following commands in your terminal:

   git clone https://github.com/shyamalpunekar/partyplanning to clone this repository
   gradle compile Java to compile
   cd build/classes/main to navigate to the compiled App.class file
   Java App to run the application
   Support and contact details
      Please feel free to contact shyamal.punekar@gmail.com if you have any issues or questions, ideas or concerns.

## Technologies Used
    java
    jUnit
    License

### License
  This software is licensed under the MIT license.

  Copyright (c) 2016 Shyamal Punekar

Commit message:

Add discount user input specs in README.md

README.md, after:

# Party Planning

#### A Party Planning Program for Epicodus Java Week 1 Independent Project, 08.04.2017

####  By Shyamal Punekar

##Description

  This is a command line application for an all-inclusive party planning service. This will prompt the user with several questions about a party they're throwing. Based on information they provide, create a unique Event object. Then, evaluate its properties to calculate an estimated cost for party planning services.

## Specifications

  * It can calculate the estimated cost for a party.
   - Example Input: 10 guests, full course, full bar, live band
     Example Output: $3500

  * It can calculate the estimated cost for a party with User Input NO.
  - Example Input: 20 guests, snacks, water, none.
    Example Output: $800

   * It can calculate the estimated cost with discount coupon for a party for guests 150.
    - Example Input: 150 guests, Full bar, DJ, none.
      Example Output: 21650



## Setup/Installation Requirements

  You will need gradle installed on your device.

## Enter the following commands in your terminal:

   git clone https://github.com/shyamalpunekar/partyplanning to clone this repository
   gradle compile Java to compile
   cd build/classes/main to navigate to the compiled App.class file
   Java App to run the application
   Support and contact details
      Please feel free to contact shyamal.punekar@gmail.com if you have any issues or questions, ideas or concerns.

## Technologies Used
    java
    jUnit
    License

### License
  This software is licensed under the MIT license.

  Copyright (c) 2016 Shyamal Punekar
